Zach Snozcumber was thinking about Felicity Parkes again. Felicity was a hilarious painter with tall feet and scrawny fingers.

Zach walked over to the window and reflected on his pretty surroundings. He had always loved pretty Liverpool with its salty, skinny swamps. It was a place that encouraged his tendency to feel puzzled.

Then he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the a hilarious figure of Felicity Parkes.

Zach gulped. He glanced at his own reflection. He was a stable, sinister, whiskey drinker with charming feet and red fingers. His friends saw him as a many, magnificent monster. Once, he had even jumped into a river and saved a late injured bird.

But not even a stable person who had once jumped into a river and saved a late injured bird, was prepared for what Felicity had in store today.

The snow flurried like chatting ostriches, making Zach puzzled. Zach grabbed a tiny ruler that had been strewn nearby; he massaged it with his fingers.

As Zach stepped outside and Felicity came closer, he could see the robust glint in her eye.

"I am here because I want a resolution," Felicity bellowed, in a selfish tone. She slammed her fist against Zach's chest, with the force of 1597 rabbits. "I frigging love you, Zach Snozcumber."

Zach looked back, even more puzzled and still fingering the tiny ruler. "Felicity, let's move in together," he replied.

They looked at each other with ambivalent feelings, like two robust, rainy rats partying at a very clever bar mitzvah, which had flute music playing in the background and two charming uncles sitting to the beat.

Suddenly, Felicity lunged forward and tried to punch Zach in the face. Quickly, Zach grabbed the tiny ruler and brought it down on Felicity's skull.

Felicity's tall feet trembled and her scrawny fingers wobbled. She looked ambivalent, her body raw like a broken, barbecued banana.

Then she let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Felicity Parkes was dead.

Zach Snozcumber went back inside and made himself a nice glass of whiskey.